                             podlators Thanks

Thanks to all of the following people for helping with the development of
these modules.

Tom Christiansen, for writing the original Pod::Text and pod2man.  These
modules are based very heavily on those, particularly the termcap handling
and pretty much all of Pod::Man.

Brad Appleton, for writing Pod::Parser, which made writing Pod::Text the
work of a single Saturday and Pod::Man the work of another single
Saturday, and for finding lots of bugs in the first try.

Sean Burke, for writing up a detailed specification of the POD language
that cleaned up a lot of edge cases and for his patience in explaining and
defending the decisions of that specification.  Thanks also for writing
detailed instructions on how to parse L<> codes that I just implemented
nearly verbatim for Pod::ParseLink.  Sean also contributed the initial
port of Pod::Man to Pod::Simple, so much of the current Pod::Man code is
heavily based on his work.

Gurusamy Sarathy, for pointing out the need for a pod2text() compatibility
interface for older applications, and for being willing to roll this code
into the Perl core distribution.

Larry Virden, for feedback on the section on writing a man page in
pod2roff and lots of good suggestions for improving it.

Michael Schwern, for pointing out that pod2text() needs to be exported for
backwards compatibility and for pointing out a bug in the collapsing of
adjacent L</foo> links in Pod::Man.

Marek Rochal, for pointing out a bug in handling of Z<> in Pod::Man, that
even periods preceded by font escapes need protection at the beginning of
lines from *roff, and that the handling of =item text with embedded
newlines was buggy in a previous version of Pod::Man.  Thanks also for
finding a bug with C<> in headings confusing nroff.

Tim Jenness, for providing the remaining ISO 8859-1 escapes for Pod::Text.
Volunteers to implement the same for Pod::Man are welcome.

Johan Vromans, for pointing out a bug in the filename parsing in Pod::Man
and help with various packaging problems.

Abigail, for better error handling code for unknown command paragraphs.

Zack Weinberg, for suggesting the right *roff magic to prevent blank lines
between consecutive =item tags in lists and for explaining \fP and how to
prevent escapes like C<> from breaking the font in headings.

Nicholas Clark, for the original patch to pod2man to allow it to process
multiple files with one invocation.

Joe Smith, for Pod::Text::Overstrike.

Robin Barker, for finding problems with multiline =head* headings and
input filenames containing spaces.

Brendan O'Dea and Robin Barker (again!), for finding problems with
Pod::Man guesswork and function and man page references that contained
words in all caps and proposing fixes.

Barrie Slaymaker, for the initial version of the heuristics in Pod::Man
and Pod::Text used to decide whether to add quotes around the argument of
C<>.

Colin Watson, for finally pointing me in the right direction to find the
problem with excessive double-quoting of text in =item's on some platforms
and see how to fix it, and also for finding a problem with Pod::Man's
output of section headings for troff.

Jarkko Hietaniemi, for the original language for pod2man.PL explaining the
COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE section, the modifications to the test suite needed
to run it as part of Perl's core tests, and testing and bug reports for
OS/390 and EBCDIC.

Peter Prymmer, for pointing out the error reporting in Pod::Text and
Pod::Man didn't include enough information to find the errant POD.

Michael Schwern, for the initial patch to support --code in pod2text, the
patch for --verbose in pod2man, and finding a problem with the handling of
X<>.

Kurt Hirchert, for pointing out that the path mangling used to derive the
man page name should only be done for section three manual pages, and for
suggesting a --name option for pod2man.

Mike Fry, for pointing out that the intuiting of the manual page name from
the directory path didn't deal with three-component version numbers,
serving as the impetus to rewrite that code to use File::Spec, and finding
another bug with the module name intuition on OS/2.

Craig Berry, for reporting that POSIX::Termios doesn't work on VMS and
providing the information necessary to add a workaround in
Pod::Text::Termcap.

Autrijus Tang, for finding a bug in error reporting in Pod::Text and
providing a couple of test cases that became the beginning of the error
test suite.

Marcus Shawcroft, for suggesting that guesswork not be applied to the
NAME section since that text is frequently pulled out by tools like
catman that don't understand *roff.

Hugo van der Sanden, for reporting that the anti-quoting regexes thought
that a period was a number.

Martin Quinson, for finding a bug in the handling of =item 0.

Allison Randal, for taking over maintainership of Pod::Simple and
providing a fix for reusing the same formatting object for multiple
pages.

Sergey Skvortsov, for a patch for compatibility with Perl 5.005.

Yitzchak Scott-Thoennes, for diagnosing and providing patches for a few
incompatibilities with the Pod::Simple calling syntax, pointing out that
Pod::Simple didn't provide parse_from_filehandle, and pointing out the
initial hash of options that parse_from_file and parse_from_filehandle
accepted with Pod::Parser.

Ron Savage, for pointing out a problematic regular expression construct in
Pod::Text::Termcap and Pod::Text::Color that broke in older versions of
Perl.

Steve Peters, for ongoing work integrating into Perl core and reporting
problems that crop up when that is done.

Jerry D. Hedden, for finding a test suite problem on Windows with
Pod::Simple 3.04.
